{
    "model": "mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2",
    "concept": "Endowment Effect",
    "example": "AITA for telling my girlfriend she 'ruined' my night by insisting she comes along?\n\nMy girlfriend and I (both 20f) have been dating for a year. My girlfriend-Jane and I have separate friend groups. Jane doesn't get along with my friends, yet insists she is brought along to our nights out/in. It's incredibly uncomfortable because whilst she's also a woman, these get-togethers are no-partners allowed parties. Plus, she doesn't get along with anyone so it's super awkward. I was invited out to one of their parties, and Jane got upset that I'm going without her. I'll be gone from 10am Friday to afternoon on Saturday. She has no issue with both of us going, but without her, it's an issue.\nI said I'd leave later and try to get back earlier, but she wouldn't have it either. I ended up bringing her along and it was a nightmare. The mood was brought down and no one really had fun as all my friends seemed to be walking on eggshells around her.\n\nWhen we got back, she kept gloating about how much fun she had, but I felt the opposite. I said 'well, I'm glad someone had fun.'. She got upset and asked what I meant. I explained that it was a friend night in, and she wasn't invited. She got super upset and pulled some crap about how it's 'toxic' that I want to have a night out without her. She says she's hurt that I 1) didn't want her there and 2) that I said she ruined the night.\n\nI just wanted to spend time with my friends, 1 on 1. AITA?",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept Endowment Effect is present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n AITA for telling my girlfriend she 'ruined' my night by insisting she comes along?\n\nMy girlfriend and I (both 20f) have been dating for a year. My girlfriend-Jane and I have separate friend groups. Jane doesn't get along with my friends, yet insists she is brought along to our nights out/in. It's incredibly uncomfortable because whilst she's also a woman, these get-togethers are no-partners allowed parties. Plus, she doesn't get along with anyone so it's super awkward. I was invited out to one of their parties, and Jane got upset that I'm going without her. I'll be gone from 10am Friday to afternoon on Saturday. She has no issue with both of us going, but without her, it's an issue.\nI said I'd leave later and try to get back earlier, but she wouldn't have it either. I ended up bringing her along and it was a nightmare. The mood was brought down and no one really had fun as all my friends seemed to be walking on eggshells around her.\n\nWhen we got back, she kept gloating about how much fun she had, but I felt the opposite. I said 'well, I'm glad someone had fun.'. She got upset and asked what I meant. I explained that it was a friend night in, and she wasn't invited. She got super upset and pulled some crap about how it's 'toxic' that I want to have a night out without her. She says she's hurt that I 1) didn't want her there and 2) that I said she ruined the night.\n\nI just wanted to spend time with my friends, 1 on 1. AITA?",
    "label": "no",
    "inferences": " Character (Girlfriend): \"I thought the night was more valuable with me there. I guess I overestimated its worth to you, since you seem to think I 'ruined' it.\" (This dialogue suggests the Endowment Effect, as she believes her presence adds value to the event and gets upset when that value is not recognized.)"
}