{
    "model": "Qwen/Qwen2-VL-72B-Instruct",
    "concept": "Sunk Cost Fallacy",
    "example": "First off English is not my first language so forgive my mistakes if any.\n\nLong story short, I have a friend let's call her H who proposed we get together, I was down and started saving up for Money to contribute. She told me we'd be 12 girls in total, most are her friends I've met before but we're not close but I was fine with it since I was looking forward to making new friends.\n\nDays later we agreed on an amount to contribute per person, we also agreed that after everyone contributes we will make a budget together keeping in mind people's allergies or diet restrictions.\n\nThen on Monday H texted me and sent a document of the budget? I was shocked but still opened it and I found a lot of the food there were things I cannot eat due to allergies and food restrictions. I asked her about it and she answered that the majority agreed with those things and that I should get over it and that i can just eat the other things there.\n\nI thought about it and decided I wouldn't go, and here's were I was called the asshole,I asked for my money back since I wasn't going to be attending. H and her friends are calling me a petty person because me backing out will do damage to their budget and so on. But I don't see the problem here, so reddit am I really being unreasonable here??",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept Sunk Cost Fallacy is present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n First off English is not my first language so forgive my mistakes if any.\n\nLong story short, I have a friend let's call her H who proposed we get together, I was down and started saving up for Money to contribute. She told me we'd be 12 girls in total, most are her friends I've met before but we're not close but I was fine with it since I was looking forward to making new friends.\n\nDays later we agreed on an amount to contribute per person, we also agreed that after everyone contributes we will make a budget together keeping in mind people's allergies or diet restrictions.\n\nThen on Monday H texted me and sent a document of the budget? I was shocked but still opened it and I found a lot of the food there were things I cannot eat due to allergies and food restrictions. I asked her about it and she answered that the majority agreed with those things and that I should get over it and that i can just eat the other things there.\n\nI thought about it and decided I wouldn't go, and here's were I was called the asshole,I asked for my money back since I wasn't going to be attending. H and her friends are calling me a petty person because me backing out will do damage to their budget and so on. But I don't see the problem here, so reddit am I really being unreasonable here??",
    "label": "no",
    "inferences": "\"I already contributed my share, but now I can't eat most of the food due to my allergies and dietary restrictions. I understand that the majority agreed on the menu, but I can't just ignore my health. Can I get my money back since I won't be attending?\""
}