{
    "model": "mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2",
    "concept": "Naive Cynicism",
    "example": "\nBefore you ask no, this is not the teacher's perspective on the 'AITA for screaming at my son's teacher an making her cry?' post.\n\nLast Wednesday I was teaching my class when a student approached me and told me he had a migrane, he asked if he could go to the nurse and ask to go home because he felt really bad. I assumed that the kid was either just trying to get out of class, especially because this was in math which he doesn't do particularly well in or he just had a headache and was over exaggerating as kids do ( he is 8, I honestly didn't think he even knew what a migrane is). I told him to drink some water and sit back down and if he still felt bad after the lesson then I would take him to the nurse during break and he could have some Calpol. I figured this would work with both options, since he still had to stay in maths and if he actually was sick he wouldn't mind missing his break, we would also need to call his mum to give him Calpol, who would confirm if he actually had a migrane or was just over exaggerating.\n\nHowever about 10 minutes later I heard a loud thud and turned around to see he had fainted and was now lying on the floor unconscious. I immediately sent another student to get the nurse and began trying to wake him up. He regained consciousness after about 2 minutes and we got him some water. The receptionist rung his mum and she picked him up around 10 minutes later. The next 2 days he wasn't present in class and I began to grow concerned. On Monday before school started his mum came in and began to scream at me, threatening to call the police on me for criminal negligence and get me fired, she also said some other things which I won't repeat, she then told me her son will no longer be present in my class and she would get him moved to another class.\n\nAt the time my reasoning made sense but now I'm starting to think I'm in the wrong. AITA?",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept Naive Cynicism is not present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n \nBefore you ask no, this is not the teacher's perspective on the 'AITA for screaming at my son's teacher an making her cry?' post.\n\nLast Wednesday I was teaching my class when a student approached me and told me he had a migrane, he asked if he could go to the nurse and ask to go home because he felt really bad. I assumed that the kid was either just trying to get out of class, especially because this was in math which he doesn't do particularly well in or he just had a headache and was over exaggerating as kids do ( he is 8, I honestly didn't think he even knew what a migrane is). I told him to drink some water and sit back down and if he still felt bad after the lesson then I would take him to the nurse during break and he could have some Calpol. I figured this would work with both options, since he still had to stay in maths and if he actually was sick he wouldn't mind missing his break, we would also need to call his mum to give him Calpol, who would confirm if he actually had a migrane or was just over exaggerating.\n\nHowever about 10 minutes later I heard a loud thud and turned around to see he had fainted and was now lying on the floor unconscious. I immediately sent another student to get the nurse and began trying to wake him up. He regained consciousness after about 2 minutes and we got him some water. The receptionist rung his mum and she picked him up around 10 minutes later. The next 2 days he wasn't present in class and I began to grow concerned. On Monday before school started his mum came in and began to scream at me, threatening to call the police on me for criminal negligence and get me fired, she also said some other things which I won't repeat, she then told me her son will no longer be present in my class and she would get him moved to another class.\n\nAt the time my reasoning made sense but now I'm starting to think I'm in the wrong. AITA?",
    "label": "yes",
    "inferences": " \"I should have taken the student's symptoms more seriously, even if I initially suspected he might be trying to avoid math class. I didn't realize the potential severity of his condition and I'm deeply sorry for any distress I may have caused his mother.\""
}