{
    "model": "mistralai/Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.2",
    "concept": "IKEA Effect",
    "example": "Just like the title says. My husband invited over his friends for the previous Saturday. Only one person ended up attending. I spent Friday after work finishing the Tres Leches cake to go with the dinner he asked for. I sent home the guy with two pieces for himself and his fianc\u00e9. So far, it's Tuesday, and my husband hasn't even tried a piece. We were supposed to have some Sunday night while we watched our show. He kept putting it off, and then bed time came, so I asked him if I should just start the dishwasher or if we were going to have cake now, he said to just start the dishwasher. Last night we were going to have some after dinner. I went and got my own and some for my son, husband still won't try any. Not even a bite. I made almost a sheet cake for his friends, and he won't even try it. I told him last night how that made me feel after working so hard on it and he was apologetic and I asked him if he just didn't want any then I would stop offering, it's a soaked cake so it has to be eaten fairly quickly. He said that wasn't the case and that he just hadn't been hungry on Sunday or Saturday. I still don't quite understand why he couldn't have had a bite over the last 3 days that it's been made since he is eating the snickerdoodle cookies I made on Sunday no problem. Is this me having unrealistic expectations? I'm not wanting him to eat every piece, but he hasn't even had a bite since I made it, and I'm feeling very crestfallen. Thanks in advance, I guess.",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept IKEA Effect is not present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n Just like the title says. My husband invited over his friends for the previous Saturday. Only one person ended up attending. I spent Friday after work finishing the Tres Leches cake to go with the dinner he asked for. I sent home the guy with two pieces for himself and his fianc\u00e9. So far, it's Tuesday, and my husband hasn't even tried a piece. We were supposed to have some Sunday night while we watched our show. He kept putting it off, and then bed time came, so I asked him if I should just start the dishwasher or if we were going to have cake now, he said to just start the dishwasher. Last night we were going to have some after dinner. I went and got my own and some for my son, husband still won't try any. Not even a bite. I made almost a sheet cake for his friends, and he won't even try it. I told him last night how that made me feel after working so hard on it and he was apologetic and I asked him if he just didn't want any then I would stop offering, it's a soaked cake so it has to be eaten fairly quickly. He said that wasn't the case and that he just hadn't been hungry on Sunday or Saturday. I still don't quite understand why he couldn't have had a bite over the last 3 days that it's been made since he is eating the snickerdoodle cookies I made on Sunday no problem. Is this me having unrealistic expectations? I'm not wanting him to eat every piece, but he hasn't even had a bite since I made it, and I'm feeling very crestfallen. Thanks in advance, I guess.",
    "label": "yes",
    "inferences": " Husband: \"I appreciate the effort you put into the cake, but I must admit, I've been more drawn to the snickerdoodle cookies. It's not about not wanting to try the Tres Leches, it's just my personal preference.\""
}