{
    "model": "o3-mini",
    "concept": "Normalcy Bias",
    "example": "I (F52) wear prescription glasses and have done since I was eight years old. I have really bad myopia (I'm nearsighted) and I'm essentially legally blind without my eyewear. As a child, I was bullied and was actually told that having glasses didn't make me better or smarter than the other girls. (No kidding! I never thought they did!)\nSo, I currently work in an elementary school and in recent years have noticed an upswing in students coming to school wearing \"fake\" glasses, by which I specifically mean glasses that either have non-corrective lenses or have no lenses at all. I try to ignore it but I find it both distracting and disrespectful. One child was wearing a pair that were quite obviously broken frames with the lens orbit completely snapped and incapable of even holding a lens anymore. Those glasses frames ought to have been thrown away because the sharp edge (especially so near to the eyes) was dangerous. The \"glasses\" were put on and removed dozens of times and used as a distraction from doing schoolwork. Another student, a 7-year old, came in a pair that are a copy of the prop worn by the character Elphaba in the recent Wicked movie, but the glasses are adult sized and because they don't fit the child, routinely obstruct her vision. Again, they had non-corrective lenses. She repeatedly asked those around her, \"Don't they make me look smart?\"\n\nI reported the issues to administration and was told that I had to allow the students to continue to wear the glasses because I had no authority to say anything about their \"choices in apparel\" since there's nothing about using non-functional medical devices in the school's dress code. Furthermore, I was told that the kids were just having fun and \"don't be so sensitive\".",
    "prompt": "What is one line of dialogue that the writer could have included in their original blog post to make it obvious that the concept Normalcy Bias is not present in the following text? Include only the dialogue. \n\n I (F52) wear prescription glasses and have done since I was eight years old. I have really bad myopia (I'm nearsighted) and I'm essentially legally blind without my eyewear. As a child, I was bullied and was actually told that having glasses didn't make me better or smarter than the other girls. (No kidding! I never thought they did!)\nSo, I currently work in an elementary school and in recent years have noticed an upswing in students coming to school wearing \"fake\" glasses, by which I specifically mean glasses that either have non-corrective lenses or have no lenses at all. I try to ignore it but I find it both distracting and disrespectful. One child was wearing a pair that were quite obviously broken frames with the lens orbit completely snapped and incapable of even holding a lens anymore. Those glasses frames ought to have been thrown away because the sharp edge (especially so near to the eyes) was dangerous. The \"glasses\" were put on and removed dozens of times and used as a distraction from doing schoolwork. Another student, a 7-year old, came in a pair that are a copy of the prop worn by the character Elphaba in the recent Wicked movie, but the glasses are adult sized and because they don't fit the child, routinely obstruct her vision. Again, they had non-corrective lenses. She repeatedly asked those around her, \"Don't they make me look smart?\"\n\nI reported the issues to administration and was told that I had to allow the students to continue to wear the glasses because I had no authority to say anything about their \"choices in apparel\" since there's nothing about using non-functional medical devices in the school's dress code. Furthermore, I was told that the kids were just having fun and \"don't be so sensitive\".",
    "label": "yes",
    "inferences": "\"Given the potential hazards and disruptions, it's vital to reconsider allowing such non-essential fake glasses in school attire, rather than simply dismissing concerns as oversensitivity.\""
}